This is a fork of the incredikernel kernel for the Droid Incredible by Chad0989.

Please note that the incredikernel is a Sense kernel, as that's what I'm running
on my Droid Incredible, though since this change was taken from invisiblek's AOSP
kernel, it should be applicable to either Sense or AOSP.

It contains the Trickle Charging modifications made by ms79723 to htc_battery.c.

I have diffed those changes back to the original htc_battery.c in the kernel source
released by HTC (incrediblec-MR3-2.6.32-g9a2fc16). Diff was achieved by using
"diff -NuBw" to ignore the changes in whitespace introduced by ms79723 by copy
and pasting from gedit. The diff should be a lot more readable so it is possible to
determine what was actually changed.

I will NOT be releasing ANY pre-built kernels based on this source. You are more
than welcome to check-out and/or fork this code and build your own kernels. The
reason for this is simple; it is questionable whether this mod is a good idea given
that the battery in a Droid Incredible is a Lithium Ion battery, and those type of
batteries do not care for extremes; trickle charging the battery to full capacity is
generally considered to be one of those extremes. If you choose to build a kernel from
this source, you are assuming all responsibility for any damage this causes to your phone
and/or battery. I assume absolutely no responsibility for anything that happens
to your phone and related hardware by building and using a kernel from this source.
I am sharing this repository due to a lack of a Sense kernel containing this modification,
and I am genuinely curious as to what changes have been made. I am not running a
kernel built from this source as of the writing of this README, so I cannot provide any
feedback with regard to the effectiveness of the patch, though that may (or may not)
change in the future.

Issues derived from this kernel by any aspect of it EXCEPT the changes to htc_battery.c
should be directed to Chad0989. Issues derived from the changes to htc_battery.c ONLY
should be directed at ms79723, as he/she is the author of the changes; I simply cleaned
them up for readability, and have no desire to maintain these changes going forward.
